can I start off with stuffed zucchini
and then probably go for the lavish
angles of ours and then we soccer soccer
leagues I'm be it for now okay yeah
definitely Thank You sergeant bring it
up come on
well obviously things aren't going right
since shelf ramsley Ramsey and came out
today but I'm not gonna let anyone
defeat me zucchini [ __ ] do this
Jake likes to just get in and get out
fast
he knows better and I know better didn't
they use a microwave I'm trying to
Gordon Ramsay right now Jake this is
very lazy it's pretty messed up been
there seen the zucchinis real night fun
what's on subjugating stops leukemia
look at Vance it's like two grenades
about to explode my your hospitals like
something out an alien movie when
zucchinis attack
as policy
blames no-go that's disgusting
I could cry what a joke
Wow sorry about that
well they say
[ __ ] horrible
hated it five to try this soup
[Music]
Jake's ability this moment is zero it
doesn't care anymore I'm sure it's
coming man I'm doomed
completely lamb shank
now there's a very anaemic looking lamb
shank look at the presentation is
depressing almost like it's been in the
microwave for now sure they wouldn't
microwave it unchanged and they were
nervous to have great meters as waiting
salty and badly balanced Justin I mean
so salty who cooked that Justin that's
chef Mike chef food chef Mike
it's a microwave who was the third shape
he kind of is a lot of work in the
kitchen huh we use chef Mike a lot
whenever there's lights on in this
restaurant chef Mike's working he's a
dedicated employee he asked us chef Mike
please if he has to cook it I mean I
can't lie to him so I told him he's not
happy
we [ __ ] it
they can't take this [ __ ]
[Music]
hi I am tiki-tiki yeah how are you nice
to see nothingís quit my I finished one
lunch first
no English okay I'm sorry
Scottish French Spanish German okay
I don't speak German what's good tonight
thank you thank you this is the one I'm
gonna serve didn't serve it to me go so
embarrassing at this point about
everything else moussaka
[Music]
now you think of Greece you think of
authenticity
is not authentic it's a non-moving a
moussaka what a disaster even like this
state on jakers i don't care he saw his
food in the dog food both you would not
think twice
moussaka when does that mean I'm not
sure you don't like it the eggplant or
nothing I did chef might have a hand in
this one chef Mike has handed a lot of
disagree Wow
yeah how'd you like to try anything else
she's just too painful it's not possible
for erection to be so bad
my co-host right now there's like
something out an alien movie with needle
attack